>> Kent C. Dodds: Alrighty, cool.
So, lets go ahead and work through this
and we'll swap out those implementations,
run the tests, and take a look at this.
So, we're not passing the right
props to the switch component
because toggler props doesn't exist.
So, lets add toggler props to our
state and helpers so toggle is a helper,
this togglerProps is also a helper.
So, what do we normally
need to pass to buttons and
the switch which is gonna pass
that onto a button onto the hood.
But what a buttons normally need to take?
Well they'll need an on click.
And also here in my notes I add
we also want an already expanded.
And so we'll just add that already
expanded is this.state.on.
And on click will be this.toggle.
And that actually is all we need to do.
So this is a prop collection for
anybody who is using this component,
if they want to render a toggler,
whatever that means for
them, these are probably
the props that they need to apply.
Now they could do these
themselves just fine but
it's a common enough case that we're
gonna provide a prop collection for them.
So does anybody have
questions about this pattern?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Kind of used in
combination with the rendered props that,
I don't think that there's any other,
like,
I suppose there could be use
cases with other patterns.
But generally, this, yeah, makes the most
sense as part of the render prop pattern.
>> Speaker 2: Is there any downside, or
should any other pattern be used if
it's like a ton of common props?
>> Kent C. Dodds: You mean like if
this toggler props is a big object?
Yes, actually and that's prop getters and
we'll talk about that in a sec.
Even with this many props, prop getters
is actually a step up from this.
Good question.